Document `snap_getClientStatus` (#1119)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: snaps/reference/snaps-api.md

To call each method, you must first [request permission](../how-to/request-permissions.md) in the Snap
manifest file.

## `snap_dialog`

Displays a dialog in the MetaMask UI.
There are three types of dialogs with different parameters and return types: [alert](#alert-dialog),
[confirmation](#confirmation-dialog), and [prompt](#prompt-dialog).

:::caution

> Dialogs do not work when MetaMask is locked. To find out if MetaMask is locked, use the [`snap_getClientStatus` method](#snap_getclientstatus).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dialogs do not work when MetaMask is locked. To check if MetaMask is locked, use [`snap_getClientStatus`](#snap_getclientstatus).
```

<!--/tabs-->

## `snap_getClientStatus`

Gets the locked status of the Snaps client.

> It is useful to find out if MetaMask is locked in the following situations:
> 
> - When running background operations that require MetaMask to be unlocked, for example [accessing encrypted state](#snap_managestate). If MetaMask is locked, the user gets a popup asking them to enter their password, which might be unexpected or confusing.
> - When [popping up a dialog](#snap_dialog). Dialogs do not work when MetaMask is locked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is useful to check if MetaMask is locked in the following situations:

- When running background operations that require MetaMask to be unlocked, for example, [accessing encrypted state](#snap_managestate). If MetaMask is locked, the user gets a popup asking them to enter their password, which might be unexpected or confusing.
- When [displaying a dialog](#snap_dialog). Dialogs do not work when MetaMask is locked.
```
